Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now there is another option to exit the while loop and that is to exit immediately without running any
of the remaining code.
This option is called the break statement.
Let's look at an example in this program we ask users to enter the books they read recently.
So what we have is promt equals new line.
Please enter the name of a book you have read recently.
OK so far so good.
Prompt
new line to quit type q.
Now why don't you book input prompt.
OK so simple enough so for now if book
is equal to Q
break.
So if somebody understand Q A program will stop immediately else print.
You have recently
read space close or double quotes plus book
dart title
plus plus what now k.
Let's say that and see what it gets us say.
Now let's run please the name of a book you have read recently.
So as you can probably guess and a bit of a Bach lover and I won't enter Elon Musk as I have done before.
I will answer is the.
Just so you know that I do read or books the Ferrum error.
Error error.
So where we got an error book typo I've misspelled title.
OK let's have a look here.
There we go.
You've recently read plus book title.
So let's say that and let's run it again.
So far.
Did not just spell that wrong again that I did.
OK let's hope that's it.
No what I'm going to do is I'm going to enter in a different box name so you know that I have even more
than two books and they're in Titan which is a very big book about Rockefeller.
There you go you've recently read Huyton present name of a book you've read recently pressed you to
quit.
Q Perfect.
So another way to exit out of a while loop.
So as you can see here we just jump back into our code so as you can see here our loop starts with while
true and will run forever unless it reaches a break statement.
The loop will continue until Q Is entered the break statement can be used in any of pipings loops which
is a very nice handy piece of code and it's nice and clean and easy to write.
OK thank you for listening and I'll see you in the next letter.